Ryan Pierce
(248)-378-7139  rpierce521@gmail.com  www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-a-pierce

Education 
Eastern Michigan University                                                                                                                     Sept 2017-Dec 2020
Bachelors of Business Administration, Accounting & Information Systems 	                
GPA: 3.45  

Washtenaw Community College			    	                                                                       Aug 2012-July 2017
Associates Degree, Criminal Justice
GPA: 3.0
Activities: ROTC, Endurance Runner, Rec Basketball, EMU Mentor Collective 

Objective 
Accounting Information Systems major seeking a position that will further my professional development while utilizing my diverse background in multiple industries - automotive, business communications, and military operations. I’m a fast learner who is receptive to coaching, noted for ability to problem solve effectively through the utilization of emotional intelligence and analytical thinking.

Experience Highlights
Faurecia Interior Systems, Financial Analyst Intern, Saline, MI	                                   	             	         Mar 2019-Present
Run and distribute daily, weekly, and monthly reports/KPIs to assist in internal analysis and decision making. 
Perform capital maintenance, on $178M of equipment, to properly account for new and existing assets or tooling.
Provide analysis and insight on data for projects to maintain proper management or to resolve issues.
 
Faurecia Interior Systems, Sales Analyst Intern, Southfield, MI			       	   	     June 2018-Mar 2019
Utilized SAP to create pricing and scheduling agreements for production and service parts in 8 separate plants.
Pulled and analyzed supplier data, via Ford WebQuote, prior to use in data entry, validation, and working file updates.
Ran various reports to analyze team performance and accuracy.

Army National Guard, S3 (Operations) Assistant - Cadet, Howell, MI                          		          Oct 2014-Present
Assist in the facilitation and planning of on-going and future operations.
Responsible for asset management, including electronic equipment repair and service. 
Managing written communication to log data on equipment status.
Growing leadership abilities through mentoring soldiers to uphold and abide by Army Doctrine and Regulation.

Michigan Rod Products, CNC Bender Set Up, Howell, MI                                                                  July 2014-May 2017
Provided first-hand experience and input for special projects pertaining to increased aggregate productivity.
Utilized CNC program TouchSoft knowledge to program CNC benders to produce high quality automotive parts.
Employed mechanical skill to install and remove tooling from production machines.
Applied attention to detail for part inspection and measurement for quality assurance and logged any adjustments.

Skills
Data Analysis: 
Utilized Microsoft Excel & ADP for data organization, validation, and analysis
Used SAP for data input and management
Develop reports to effectively analyze business performance


Leadership:
Onboarding new soldiers 
 Mentor new EMU students through Mentor Collective program
Developed clear & concise work instructions to assist future employees


Detail Orientation: 
Accuracy in data entry and reporting
Part inspection and quality assurance 
Adhere to strict military standards regarding appearance and documentation

