Ryan Pierce
(248)-378-7139 | rpierce521@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-a-pierce | ryanapierce.github.io

Education 
Eastern Michigan University                                                                                                                     Sept 2017-Dec 2020
Bachelor of Business Administration, Accounting & Information Systems 	                
GPA: 3.42 
Activities: ROTC, Endurance Runner, Rec Basketball, EMU Mentor Collective 

Objective 
Accounting Information Systems graduate seeking a position that will further my professional development while utilizing my diverse background in multiple industries - automotive, business communications, and military operations. I’m a fast learner who is receptive to coaching. I have been noted for ability to problem solve effectively through the utilization of emotional intelligence and analytical thinking.

Experience Highlights    
Coupa Software, Technical Support Specialist – Ann Arbor, MI                              	                        Oct 2020-Present
Assists internal users and external customers with installation, support, and license deployment. 
Provides first tier help desk support in customer installation troubleshooting of product offering. 
Utilize Salesforce.com to manage and issue licenses for new purchases, renewals, partner projects, and training.

Army National Guard, S3 (Operations) Assistant - Howell, MI                          		                        Oct 2014-Present
Assist in the facilitation and planning of on-going and future operations for a 430-Soldier Battalion.
Responsible for asset management, including electronic equipment repair and service. 
Develop and distribute Operations Orders to extend guidance to subordinate units.
Growing leadership abilities through mentoring soldiers to uphold and abiding by Army Doctrine and Regulations.

Ford Motor Company, Service & Engineering Operations Intern - Dearborn, MI            	             	       Jun 2020-Aug 2020
Develop dashboards, using R and Tableau, to analyze and visualize data to assist in decision making.
Integrate HTML, CSS, and JavaScript into program to enhance appearance and quality of dashboard.
Present work to management for continuous improvement of working files and programs.
Utilize Alteryx to automate various data management processes.

Faurecia Interior Systems, Financial Analyst Intern, Saline, MI	                                   	                    Mar 2019-Jun 2020
Completed various reports/KPIs to assist in internal analysis and decision making for a 1.4M sq ft plant.
Performed capital maintenance, on $178M of equipment, to properly account for new and existing assets or tooling.
Developed macros in Excel to semi-automate reporting, using VBA.
Prepared 12 month-end journal entries.
 
Faurecia Interior Systems, Sales Analyst Intern, Southfield, MI			       	   	       Jun 2018-Mar 2019
Utilized SAP to create pricing and scheduling agreements for production and service parts in 8 separate plants.
Audited system data to ensure accuracy of information.
Developed text and video work instructions to facilitate continuity after employee transition.

Skills
Data Analysis: 
Utilized Microsoft Excel, SAP, Tableau, and R for data organization, validation, analysis, and visualization
C#, Java, and SQL used in academic coursework 

Leadership:
Mentored new EMU students through Mentor Collective program
Developed clear & concise work instructions to assist future employees

Detail Orientation: 
Adhere to strict military standards regarding appearance and documentation
Composed reports with multiple large datasets
