Ryan Pierce
(248)-378-7139  rpierce521@gmail.com  www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-a-pierce

Education 
Eastern Michigan University                                                                                                                     Sept 2017-Dec 2020
Bachelors of Business Administration, Accounting & Information Systems 	                
GPA: 3.45  

Washtenaw Community College			    	                                                                       Aug 2012-July 2017
Associates Degree, Criminal Justice
GPA: 3.0
Activities: ROTC, Endurance Runner, Rec Basketball, EMU Mentor Collective 

Objective 
Accounting Information Systems major seeking a position that will further my professional development while utilizing my diverse background in multiple industries - automotive, business communications, and military operations. I’m a fast learner who is receptive to coaching, noted for ability to problem solve effectively through the utilization of emotional intelligence and analytical thinking.

Experience Highlights
Ford Motor Company, Service Engineering Operations Intern - Dearborn, MI                                         Jun 2020-Present
Develop dashboards, using R, to help management better analyze and visualize data to assist in decision making.
Integrate HTML, CSS, and JavaScript into program to enhance appearance and quality of dashboard.
Present work to management to obtain feedback and improve current working files and programs.
Utilize Alteryx to automate various data management processes.

Army National Guard, S3 (Operations) Assistant - Howell, MI                          		                        Oct 2014-Present
Assist in the facilitation and planning of on-going and future operations for a 430-Soldier Battalion.
Responsible for asset management, including electronic equipment repair and service. 
Develop and distribute Operations Orders to extend guidance to subordinate units.
Growing leadership abilities through mentoring soldiers to uphold and abiding by Army Doctrine and Regulations.

Faurecia Interior Systems, Financial Analyst Intern, Saline, MI	                                   	             	       Mar 2019-Jun 2020
Run and distribute various reports/KPIs to assist in internal analysis and decision making for a 1.4M sq ft plant.
Perform capital maintenance, on $178M of equipment, to properly account for new and existing assets or tooling.
Develop and implement Excel macros to semi-automate reporting, using VBA.
 
Faurecia Interior Systems, Sales Analyst Intern, Southfield, MI			       	   	     Jun 2018-Mar 2019
Utilized SAP to create pricing and scheduling agreements for production and service parts in 8 separate plants.
Pulled and analyzed supplier data prior to entry, validation, and working-file updates.
Ran various reports to analyze team performance and accuracy.

Skills
Data Analysis: 
Utilized Microsoft Excel, SAP, and R for data organization, validation, analysis, and visualization
Experience using C#, Java, and SQL in academic coursework 
Develop reports to effectively analyze business performance
Leadership:
Onboarding new soldiers 
 Mentor new EMU students through Mentor Collective program
Developed clear & concise work instructions to assist future employees


Detail Orientation: 
Accuracy in data entry and reporting
Adhere to strict military standards regarding appearance and documentation
Composed reports with multiple large datasets
